what is up guys ingénue here from
Angie's clan and today I'm bringing you
a FIFA Street for I wouldn't say glitch
but a cheap kind of way it's basically
how to get to go a golden medal in the
world tour really really easy so here as
you can see I choose harden hard which
is gold and this is anaphor before and
this only works in for v4s and basically
things that just have a time limit
alright so the first thing you must do
is you have to get a goal now this is
probably the hardest part you must at
least get one goal to do this now this I
don't use it myself I just found it by
coincidence I was at the coincidence I
was just fooling around and then I just
found it so yeah I don't use it unless I
get like really really frustrated which
I've only done once because one time
team really pissed me off and I just use
this for like five or thirty seconds but
yeah so as you can see we got a goal and
we've got the hardest part over so now
what you have to do is retain possession
from the enemy which I do here and here
it takes me a couple of tries but what
you want to do is give your back to the
opponent and stay juggling so I'll show
you in a minute and what's here not to
get into position as you can see I am
juggling and the opponent is things and
now he does stay still for all the match
as long as you keep on juggling so
you're 1-0 up and the time is ticking
down so you'll win the game quite easy
so that is the easiest way to win a hard
to win a gold medal so yeah that's a big
screen anyway the video is coming to a
close I do actually been obviously 1-0
but not using this method I actually
quit after a while anyway thanks for
watching guys like and subscribe for
more deeper content I will be bringing
you more and feel free to check out my
channel anyway guys thanks for watching
have a nice day